Copyright (c) 2002-03 Rimon Barr.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice and
this LICENCE in its entirety including the disclaimer. The LICENCE of this
product may only be modified by the Copyright holder.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice
and this LICENCE in its entirety including the disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must
include the following acknowledgment: "This product uses Spyce, Copyright
Rimon Barr." Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software
itself, wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear. The
documentation must also provide a instructions on how to receive an original
Spyce distribution, preferably a link to the website
http://spyce.sourceforge.net.

4. The names "Spyce", or "Rimon Barr" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact rimon-AT-acm.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Spyce", nor may
"Spyce" appear in their names, without prior written permission of the
Copyright holder.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RIMON BARR
OR HIS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
